add feedback icon and config (#2529)
kyma-project/busola: docs/features.md

      policies:
        - Default
  ```

> - **FEEDBACK** - determines if feedback icon should be rendered at top bar and link when user will be redirected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **FEEDBACK** - determines if the feedback icon should be rendered at the top bar and link when the user is redirected.
```
